Introduce Has a cut point (P204) (#936)
pi-base/data: theorems/T000588.md

---
uid: T000588
if:
  and:
   - P000036: true
   - P000133: true
   - P000175: true
then:
  P000204: true
---

> ${P204}$ requires $X$ to be connected. By assumption, there exist points $a < b < c$ in $X$. Therefore $X \backslash \{b\} = (-\infty, b) \cup (b, \infty)$ is a union of disjoint, nonempty, open sets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$X$ is connected.  And on the other hand, given three points $a < b < c$ in $X$, $X\setminus\{b\} = (-\infty, b) \cup (b, \infty)$ is the union of two disjoint nonempty open sets, showing that $X\setminus\{b\}$ is not connected.
```
